Add challenge use case (#15)
heig-MAC/project: spec/use-cases.md

   - B: @personUsername never contacted me. Send him this link to get him started: t.me/climbot

## See someone's profile

1. U: clicks on "search user profile"
2. B: Searching user profile
3. B: What is the @username of the person you want to check out? Make sure he already contacted me at least once.
4. U: @personUsername
5. Two cases:
   - B: Here is @personUsername's profile:
      - Favourite gym: Le cube
      - Best route climbed: La mer noire (8C)
      - Followers: 868
      - Following: 37
   - B: @personUsername never contacted me. Send him this link to get him started: t.me/climbot

## Challenge someone you follow

1. U: Clicks on "challenge someone"
2. B: Challing someone you follow
3. B: Here are the people you follow: Who do you want to challenge? (If you don't see them in this list, enter their @personUsername) (Custom keyboard containing people the user follows)
4. U: Clicks @personUsername / (Enter @personUsername)
5. Two cases:
   - B: In which gym is the route you want to challenge @personUsername to? (Custom keyboard containing gyms)
   - B: @personUsername never contacted me. Send him this link to get him started: t.me/climbot
6. U: Clicks on the correct gym

> 7. B: What is the route's name? (If you don't see it in this list, enter it's name manually.) (Custom keyboard containing route names (sorted by recent dates?)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. B: What is the route's name? (If you don't see it in this list, enter its name manually.) (Custom keyboard containing route names (sorted by recent dates?)
```

8. U: Clicks on the correct route
9. Two cases:

>    - B: I don't recognize this route/gym combination. Try checking for spelling mistaked, or add the route to my database using /addRoute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - B: I don't recognize this route/gym combination. Try checking for spelling mistakes, or add the route to my database using /addRoute.
```

   - B: Great! You challenged @personUsername to climb routeName in GymName! 

> 10. B -> @personUsernam: @User challenged you to beat the route "routeName" in the gym "gymName". Don't forget to mark the route as climb using /climbRoute once you succeed!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
10. B -> @personUsernam: @User challenged you to beat the route "routeName" in the gym "gymName". Don't forget to save your attempt using /climbRoute once you succeed!
```
